bpo-46944: use FASTCALL calling convention in generator.throw (#31723)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-03-08-10-50-42.bpo-46944.cnaIK3.rst

> Speed up throwing exception in generator by 20%. Patch by Kumar Aditya.

Reviewer: Performance gains may be relative results depending on the environment. I prefer neutral comments.
```suggestion
Update :meth:`generator.throw` to use :const:`METH_FASTCALL calling convention.  Patch by Kumar Aditya.
```
